{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2636
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red27\green27\blue27;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c14118\c14118\c14118;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww34360\viewh19120\viewkind0
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 1) Difference between class and object?\
Ans: 1) Object is used as real world entity with state and behaviour. So we take real time example as object. Ex, car, person, chair etc. whereas Class is blueprint where object is created so where we declare field and method.\
	2) In object memory is allocated when object is created and in class memory is not allocated when class is declared.\
	3) Object is a physical entity and class is a logical entity.\
\
\
2) What is overloading and its uses?\
Ans: Overloading is having several number of methods with same name but it has different parameters. Uses, 1) In overloading, we can reuse the code.\
	  2) Overloading reduces less complexity of code\
	  3) Overloading cannot overload a return type in java.\
\
3) What is overriding and its uses?\
Ans: Parent class has some method declared and child class also declare same method, that child class override the parent class.\
Uses, 1) Cannot override a static method, final method, private method. \
	  2) The return type of an overridden method must be same\
\
4) What is difference between overloading and overriding?\
Ans: 1) Overloading is done in one class and overriding is done with two class.\
        2) In overloading, parameters should not be same and in overriding, parameters should be same.\
        3) Overloading is called compile-time polymorphism and overriding is called run time polymorphism\
\
5) What is abstract class?\
Ans: Class declared with abstract keyword is called abstract class and it hides irrelevant information and even cannot initiate them but we access members using object of subclass. In abstract class, we cannot create object. Generally abstract class stores data members and methods.\
\
6) What is interface? When and how can we use interface in java?\
Ans: Interface cannot initialise method or cannot create an objects, it can only have abstract methods. We use interface using interface keyword and interface method is declared with empty body. \
A class implements an interface and can do multiple inheritance. \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 We can access the properties of an interface through inheritance and overriding.\cf0 \cb1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 \
}